Steve Holtsford: Oh, OK.
John Ashley: OK, so my name is Johnny. It's nice to meet you.
Steve Holtsford: Nice to meet you, Johnny.
Steve Holtsford: So this is, this will be quick. Since we know each other.
Steve Holtsford: So I'm glad I'm glad that
Steve Holtsford: That it all worked out.
John Ashley: Yeah, definitely. It really is helping
Steve Holtsford: Good. And this, this will be a lot easier than traveling, an hour and a half.
John Ashley: Yeah, definitely. And that saves me a lot of gas money.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, yeah. That's great. That's great. So
Steve Holtsford: So,
Steve Holtsford: We just kind of had to go through the same process, we did with Lighthouse with bright heart.
John Ashley: Okay.
Steve Holtsford: Just to get it.
Steve Holtsford: Just to get the chart going in and get you all plugged in.
John Ashley: Alrighty.
Steve Holtsford: So was it a pretty easy process to get signed up.
John Ashley: Um, I had to do like an hour long interview on the phone.
John Ashley: Okay. Um, it was a little bit of back and forth PLAYING PHONE tag, but overall it was pretty good.
Steve Holtsford: Okay, okay. All right, good. Yeah. I imagine there's a fair amount of paperwork to be done and all that kind of crap.
John Ashley: Oh yeah, definitely was.
Steve Holtsford: So all right, but now we're all now we're all set. So,
Steve Holtsford: Just if you could sort of recap Johnny sort of your, your use history and and when you started using
John Ashley: Um, I believe I started using heroin around
John Ashley: I'm didn't get off it until I was about 25
Steve Holtsford: Got it.
John Ashley: So I got about 10 years of addiction of going through hell before I finally had enough.
Steve Holtsford: Got it, got it. And, and you were injecting right
Steve Holtsford: Yes. Okay. And how much in a day.
John Ashley: Um, it started off every couple of days, you know, here and there, but when it was full blown addiction. It was three quarters of a gram to a gram a day.
Okay.
Steve Holtsford: Okay. And you're how old now.
John Ashley: I am 29
Steve Holtsford: You're 29. So you've been pretty stable for several years now. Is that right,
John Ashley: Um, I've been up and down.
John Ashley: I've relapsed on cocaine before. I mean, it wasn't really my thing. It was just around and you know I was bored so
John Ashley: I mean, but other than that I've stayed straight off of opiates my drug of choice.
John Ashley: I smoke weed. Occasionally, but not very often. I mean,
John Ashley: Okay, I really my thing.
Steve Holtsford: So the last time you did you had opioids was several years ago.
Steve Holtsford: Is that accurate. Yes. Yeah.
John Ashley: Well, no, I had brain surgery back
John Ashley: February 14 of last year, and I was on Fenton all the lot it
John Ashley: Was
John Ashley: Our fault.
Steve Holtsford: That's right. I remember you had a very serious car crash last year and you had you had a craniotomy right
Yep.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, okay.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah. Oh, gotcha, gotcha.
John Ashley: Yep, no hiding that
No.
Steve Holtsford: Okay. All right. Well, you're lucky to be alive.
John Ashley: Yeah, I am got some nerve damage herniated discs, but I'll survive. I'm a soldier.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Well, now are you still getting any therapy or rehab or anything for for those injuries.
John Ashley: Um no I finished speech therapy, a physical therapy. Um, I have therapy for my headaches. I see a specialist for that.
John Ashley: Helping others have done with all treatment.
Steve Holtsford: Okay. All right. Very good. No, it's just, just a matter of getting better.
John Ashley: He up and managing the pain.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, yeah. Okay. All right.
Steve Holtsford: And besides the car crash.
Steve Holtsford: Which was what month. And what year
John Ashley: That was December 3 of
John Ashley: And surgery. It was February 14 2019
Steve Holtsford: Okay. All right. So, okay, just over a year out, okay.
Steve Holtsford: And AND BESIDES THAT CAR CRASH. You don't have any significant past medical history at all.
John Ashley: Nope. Been healthy my whole life played sports ran boxing kickboxing snowboarding skateboarding. Pretty much you know anything
John Ashley: God. I know.
Steve Holtsford: It's kind of
John Ashley: You know, adrenaline junkie.
Steve Holtsford: Yes. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: Where'd you go to high school.
John Ashley: Um, I actually grew up in foster care. So I went through about five to six different high schools.
Steve Holtsford: Okay, and
John Ashley: I'm getting my GED in Chicago.
Steve Holtsford: Okay. All right. And did you do any college
John Ashley: I'm just a little bit, but I dropped out. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: All right, and you had that big operation on your is that mean your, your neck, did they do next thing.
John Ashley: No, it's
John Ashley: They cut out the bone that covers your brainstem.
John Ashley: Okay, leave the pressure and they had to drill two holes to also relieve pressure that was built up
Steve Holtsford: Holy cow.
John Ashley: It pretty much cut a chunk of my skull out
Steve Holtsford: Oh, and I also
John Ashley: Have the herniated discs and the nerve damage. So it's kinda
John Ashley: Right, it's more than just one thing. Yeah.
Steve Holtsford: Got it.
Steve Holtsford: And that's, that's the only operation. You've had beside you know you didn't have it. You haven't had your appendix out or anything like that.
No. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: All right and and besides the the buprenorphine. Do you have, are you on any other medication.
John Ashley: Um, I am Klonopin one milligram
John Ashley: Twice a day as needed.
Okay.
Steve Holtsford: All right.
Steve Holtsford: And that's as needed for anxiety.
Steve Holtsford: Yes. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: And who's your primary care doctor
John Ashley: Dr siad
Steve Holtsford: Okay, and he's down in Ottawa.
John Ashley: Yes, he's done another one.
Steve Holtsford: Okay, and he's PRESCRIBING THE Klonopin
John Ashley: Oh,
John Ashley: No, I'm sorry, the doctor this prescribing me to find a pin is Dr. Glenn my Psychiatry's
Steve Holtsford: Okay.
John Ashley: And as he had already got a lot of doctors. It's confusing.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, no problem. You see another one.
John Ashley: Yes, yes.
Okay.
Steve Holtsford: All right.
John Ashley: Sorry, I'm stuck in the charger. So I got to like move with you everywhere I go.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, no problem. No problem.
Steve Holtsford: All right.
Steve Holtsford: Do you smoke cigarettes.
John Ashley: Um, yes I do. I was quitting. I made it like four days, but with everything going on and being locked in the house no more. Jim, ya know, I started smoking again.
Steve Holtsford: I gotcha. How much
John Ashley: I'm bout a pack a day.
Okay.
Steve Holtsford: Alcohol.
John Ashley: No I don't drink.
Steve Holtsford: And occasional
Steve Holtsford: Occasional marijuana
Yes.
Steve Holtsford: When was the last time you had any stimulants like cocaine or
John Ashley: I'm probably been about, I don't know, probably about a year.
Okay.
Steve Holtsford: All right. Good for you. Good for you.
While
Steve Holtsford: Great. Are you allergic to anything.
John Ashley: I'm just fish.
That's right.
Steve Holtsford: All right, any family history of substance use disorder.
John Ashley: Um, my father. Yes.
Steve Holtsford: Okay. And that was alcohol opioids, all of the above.
John Ashley: Yeah, all the above
God
Steve Holtsford: Alright.
Steve Holtsford: Alright, so we started you on two milligrams four times a day.
Steve Holtsford: Yes. And how's that doing
John Ashley: It's doing well made me really sleepy in the beginning, um, it's really starting to balance out now. Um, it's kind of not doing as much for me anymore.
John Ashley: Okay, with a pain with the two milligrams
John Ashley: And I'm putting a hoodie on I'm stepping outside. Just one second.
John Ashley: Sorry. So yes, it was doing really well, but now I mean it's still working but just starting to notice the pain coming back a little more
Steve Holtsford: Okay, and what else are you doing for pain are you doing ibuprofen or Tylenol or anything like that.
John Ashley: Um, ibuprofen, if it gets really bad, but other than that I normally don't take anything
Steve Holtsford: Okay. All right. And I imagine exercise helps and you haven't been able to do that.
John Ashley: Yes, exercise, usually does help a lot. I
John Ashley: Stretch every day. And, you know, just try to stay physically active.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, yeah, good, good.
Steve Holtsford: Where are you now you're in your car, where are you going
John Ashley: Hello.
Yes.
John Ashley: Yes.
John Ashley: Okay, gotcha.
Steve Holtsford: All right, now you're driving somewhere.
John Ashley: No, I'm sitting in my car. I'm gonna smoke a cigarette.
John Ashley: Smoking my house. I try to keep it.
Nice.
Steve Holtsford: Alright, so
Steve Holtsford: What is it. Probably a week ago, I sent two weeks of, I think, two weeks of meds to your pharmacy. Is that right,
John Ashley: Yes. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: So you probably have a few days left. So I did. Did the bright heart people take your
Steve Holtsford: Did they take your pharmacy information.
John Ashley: I'm sorry, you just cut out there you go.
Steve Holtsford: Did, did the bright heart people take your pharmacy information.
John Ashley: Um, I believe they did. Yes. Okay.
John Ashley: Oh greens and auto
Steve Holtsford: Okay, alright, so I'll, I'll send some more some more meds and then I think, do they have an obligation regarding
Steve Holtsford: Groups are
John Ashley: Um, I have to do blood work. And, um, let me see what else they didn't mention anything
John Ashley: I'm more than willing to do groups. I kind of like groups.
John Ashley: Yeah. Um, if I could do it all by video that would be ideal because
John Ashley: That really a big people person.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, no, it's all video that's the nice thing.
Steve Holtsford: So you can you can do it.
Steve Holtsford: So that'd be awesome. Johnny, you can do it while you're smoking a cigarette in your car.
John Ashley: That's the age of technology. We're in
Today,
John Ashley: Wonderful. Love it.
Steve Holtsford: Alright.
Steve Holtsford: So I don't think I have
Steve Holtsford: You know, the medication, we've got
Those
Steve Holtsford: You know, chronic pain is
John Ashley: Chronic Pain is
Steve Holtsford: A tough problem. It's
John Ashley: A problem in its
Steve Holtsford: Path physical and half metal. So it's a
Steve Holtsford: Lot of mental so it's mindfulness stuff and yoga and all I kind of, you know,
John Ashley: I kind of crap, with your help. Oh yeah, it's definitely been a struggle. But, you know,
John Ashley: I did my best to face it like head on, like, you know, after surgery. I got off pain meds before they even took the staples out of my head.
John Ashley: You know, and I was dedicated no pain meds. I'm gonna do this on my own and by about year, one year. And I'm like, I can't do it anymore. Yeah, right.
John Ashley: Right, it's I tried the muscle relaxers I tried Gabba Penton I tried to be profane products and I tried all the, you know, covered all the basis and you know nothing to help so yeah
Steve Holtsford: So have you ever tried get repentant with
Steve Holtsford: Your marketing.
John Ashley: Marketing. Um, I have not. No. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: All right, let's see how the next the next
John Ashley: month or two ago.
Steve Holtsford: And that might be something we consider it.
John Ashley: Might be something we consider the future.
Okay.
Steve Holtsford: Okay, Johnny, I think that's about
John Ashley: It. I think that's about it. You
Steve Holtsford: I appreciate you hanging with me here. I'm going to get better results.
John Ashley: With me here. I'm going to get better because
John Ashley: He had definitely a, you're doing good. You're doing real good.
John Ashley: All right. Um, with the dose.
John Ashley: Um, would we be able to up it a little bit.
Steve Holtsford: Um,
Steve Holtsford: I, I think. So that's probably fine.
John Ashley: Thanks. So that's probably fine.
Steve Holtsford: Cuz you're on a pretty small dose now.
John Ashley: You're on a pretty small films now.
Steve Holtsford: Yes. Do you like the film's
John Ashley: Filter number. I like the strips.
John Ashley: Whatever it just put it under my tongue and it's nice and easy.
Steve Holtsford: Okay.
Steve Holtsford: So if we go to
John Ashley: We go to
Steve Holtsford: You know, four milligrams
John Ashley: four milligrams a
Steve Holtsford: Day. That's 16 milligrams
John Ashley: Day at 16
Steve Holtsford: And that's probably
John Ashley: And that's probably
Steve Holtsford: The dose that
Steve Holtsford: Most people are on
John Ashley: Those moving people around. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: And then we can you know as
Steve Holtsford: As the months go by, I think as
John Ashley: The months go by, I think.
Steve Holtsford: We can probably sort of
John Ashley: battling for
John Ashley: Okay.
Steve Holtsford: So, okay, I will send that to them.
Steve Holtsford: I will wait
John Ashley: For that to the farmer. He waited for you. OK.
Steve Holtsford: And then so in terms of the bright hearts and
John Ashley: Then so
John Ashley: In terms of the bright heart stuff.
Steve Holtsford: You'll have me you'll have
John Ashley: You'll have me
John Ashley: There down
John Ashley: There.
Steve Holtsford: And a case manager.
Steve Holtsford: Or manager.
John Ashley: It's called a care coordinator. I'm sorry.
John Ashley: It's called the care coordinator
Steve Holtsford: So we'll just kind of learn a scanner.
John Ashley: And we'll just kind of learn this together.
John Ashley: This is actually kind of familiar for me because I've been through therapy. My whole life I've always had three four doctors, you know, psychiatrists like
John Ashley: I just counselor, you know. So this is kind of
John Ashley: Optimal for me, having, you know, bunch of doctors and stuff like that.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, good and one, one thing that
Steve Holtsford: Also, does one thing that
John Ashley: Point heart also does
Steve Holtsford: Is they do have a chronic pain.
John Ashley: Sort of own sort of angle as well.
Steve Holtsford: So, and that's something that I've that I
John Ashley: am interested in it. Some
John Ashley: More of that.
John Ashley: Than I am interested to learn more about
Steve Holtsford: Rather than just the opioid
John Ashley: Yes, definitely sounds like it's just the opioid use this. Yeah. Well, it's because when I got out of surgery. They didn't want to prescribe me any medications and they wanted to put me on methadone.
John Ashley: And I didn't really have the best experience with methadone. I used it to detox before, but it wasn't something I wanted to be on on a regular basis. So that's why I chose Suboxone instead
Steve Holtsford: Got it. Yeah, Suboxone really is.
John Ashley: No one really is.
Steve Holtsford: Effective and say,
John Ashley: Oh yeah, it's done wonders for me it's, you know, I actually wake up and every day. I'm in pain, you know, no matter what I do.
John Ashley: I wake up and I'm in pain. I wake up I take my first strip. I go outside make my coffee smoke my cigarette within about 15 minutes, you know, my back pain. Starting to calm down my nerve pain in my hand. The burnings not as bad. And you know, I actually feel at a functional level. Yeah.
Good.
Steve Holtsford: The four milligrams for
John Ashley: Oftentimes,
John Ashley: The phone number and often times are hard to find.
Steve Holtsford: So you might have to cut an eight and a half.
John Ashley: by phone, we might have to cut an eight and a half, okay, that's fine. If you just want to set an eight. I will just cut them in half and two a day and just split them in half.
Steve Holtsford: Sounds good. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: Have a great day.
Alright.
John Ashley: Have a great day. You too. Thank you so much.
Steve Holtsford: You're welcome.
Steve Holtsford: Blazing. Thanks, Matt.
You're welcome.
John Ashley: And thank you to